>> Mike North: Here is something that is
part of the progressive web app standard,
and it is the concept of
a web application manifest.
So you will end up creating
a new JSON file, and
essentially referring to
it from your index.html,
which is to say here is where you may find
my manifest, here's the path to this file.
And in this manifest we
can do a couple of things.
We can define our app name,
again this is something short
that goes underneath an icon.
We can specify icons which, they're
little objects that we can put in here.
So, at the very least,
you should make sure that you
provide a 192 and a 512 pixel image.
These are used for
the home screen icon, and
for a splash screen on Android devices
that support this kind of thing.
So as the app boots up,
while you're making that first request, or
while it's sort of restoring memory
to give you like your state back,
this is what you'll see.
So it will like make a splash screen for
you.
And then we get a theme color and
a background color, and that just well,
if the browser supports it, it'll color
sort of the address bar and the menu bar,
so you could make that
like your brands color.
And background color is sort of
like if you do not color the body,
this is sort of what unstyled area of
your HTML body will look like sort of.
And also, when you pull down,
if you have pull to refresh or
something like that,
oftentimes that'll sort of like
hidden space that'll be
the background color as well.
This display option in this manifest is
very much like that full screen mode.
There are four options we can use,
no browser currently supports them all.
But let's go from bottom to top here,
so browser this is like the default.
If you don't specify anything at all,
you get browser.
You get the full address bar
like the complete browser UI,
just as if you visited that link and
it was not a progressive web app.
Minimal UI,
it is defined as a light browser UI.
The way I can best explain this if
you've ever been in an Android or
an iOS app and you've visited a URL that's
posted in a tweet or something like that.
You find that you're sort
of taken to that page but
you don't have the ability to then
like access that URL and change it.
It's not a full web experience and
you might not have bookmarks there,
maybe just the share button.
So you can log in, but it's a very
abbreviated browser experience.
Stand alone is what you'll get, it's as
close as we can get to full screen in iOS.
Now we can't get rid of the battery or
the clock or
like the cellular and Wi-Fi signal
strength, but it's pretty good.
We're like 40 pixels short of full screen.
And then finally full screen is every
pixel, this would be great for a game.
Where there might not be an up
direction to this thing, and
you just want to take over
all of the real state.
The ones that are currently supported
broadly are standalone and browser.
And the idea is, if a browser doesn't
support what you've asked for
it will go down to the next one.
So if you say I want full screen,
you might end up with standalone.
It's as good as it can get, and that's why
it's sort of a linear progression like
that, and ultimately fallback to browser.
>> Mike North: Did you have
a question about this?
>> Speaker 2: That, think it and it'll
happen, you perfected that just there.
>> Mike North: Sweet, sometimes people
call it psychic pizza just as you're
thinking about it I've already
got something for you.